Try what do you mean?
Try your brother and aunt being so nice to you
Take good care of you like this.
Why are you so angry?
I'm not the one who wants to be a mother.
Why can I only take care of myself?
Come on, even if you are not.
The food in my stomach is still there, so I have to eat it.
Auntie, that's what I said,
What a sweet job.
You haven't even looked back at me yet. I'm already trying to show off my body.
But you've eaten up all the management. You're even more angry than me.
Fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire. Fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire.
Me, I only want hard things
Will be opposed to thinking about it
On the contrary, the children are not well behaved
Just you
Don't know
Who do you think you are, this rich young lady?
I've cherished you for so long
I will really regard myself as the manager of the Gu family